the signs of starvation are hard to miss
faty is 6 years old his cheeky smile has
faded away along with the light in his
eyes his shape his muscles he's now
nothing but bones with a head too big
for his
body Mama cover my body he
cries war is hell for the healthy let
alone the chronically ill
he's suffering from cystic fibrosis
which is thick mucus on his lungs this
disease requires specific nutrition and
strict diet along with constant
treatment all of which is totally absent
in the north my child's health condition
has deteriorated for 2 months he has
been suffering dire complications
including severe dehydration since we
brought him to hospital he has been
living on Solutions just to survive
his mother shows us fatty before the war
despite his condition he was a beaming
happy child and a slightly reluctant
dancer not recognizable now fat is being
treated in jabalia in the north of the
Gaza Strip Aid has recently started
trickling in after months of
nothing the north part of gaza's trip
has been denied the entry of any relief
Aid namely medical supplies coupled with
a state of starvation as a result these
conditions are exagerating like that of
fatty more than 20 children died as
documented because of malnutrition we
warn the situation will get worse as
starvation is ravaging the population in
the
north the United Nations in February
warned that one quarter of gaza's
population was one step away from
imminent famine a agencies say they have
all the supplies ready to help but they
need to be given safe access by land for
multiple Crossings and that needs to be
done now this is certainly not an
effective efficient Humane nor dignified
solution Stephanie Decker
[Music]
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler